[RHACS] ROX-17476: Restructuring the roxctl guide (#62722)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator.adoc

> // Module included in the following assemblies:

Reviewer: Content wise I cannot add much to this command (probably someone from Maple team can fill some gaps), but one thing to note is that this is tech preview, this should probably be called out here?

Reviewer 2: It is a tech preview, but looks like although it is [noted elsewhere](https://docs.openshift.com/acs/4.1/operating/manage-network-policies.html#using-build-time-network-policy-generator) in the docs as TP, but the TP snippet/language is in the assembly there, not the module. I would add the TP snippet to the module here too. It might have gotten deleted from the module since it would make it show up twice on [this page](https://docs.openshift.com/acs/4.1/operating/manage-network-policies.html#using-build-time-network-policy-generator), just a guess.

Author: added tech preview snippet

//
// * cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_{context}"]
= Using the build-time network policy generator

.Prerequisites

. The build-time network policy generator recursively scans the directory you specify when you run the command.
Therefore, before you run the command, you must already have service manifests, config maps, and workload manifests such as `Pod`, `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, `Job`, `DaemonSet`, and `StatefulSet` as YAML files in the specified directory.

> . Verify that you can apply these YAML files as-is using the `kubectl apply -f` command. The build-time network policy generator does not work with files that use Helm style templating.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that you can apply these YAML files as-is using the `kubectl apply -f` command. The build-time network policy generator does not work with files that use Helm-style templating.
```

> . Verify that the service network addresses are not hard-coded. Every workload that needs to connect to a service must specify the service network address as a variable. You can specify this variable by using the workload's resource environment variable or in a config map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the service network addresses are not hardcoded. Every workload that needs to connect to a service must specify the service network address as a variable. You can specify this variable by using the workload's resource environment variable or in a config map.
```

> ** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/k8s_guestbook/frontend-deployment.yaml#L25:L28[Example 1: using an environment variable]

Reviewer: It'd be better to use a permalink to github sources, they might change over time so you might link to stale things here.

Author: @kcarmichael08 Is there a way we can work this out?

Reviewer 2: @dhaus67 I'm not familiar with github links - can you let us know what a permalink would be for this example?

Reviewer: Here's the perma link for it: https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/21678ea900fdda7255914671d9cb359fafe38b6c/tests/k8s_guestbook/frontend-deployment.yaml#L25:L28

FWIW here's the doc on perma links for github: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/using-files/getting-permanent-links-to-files

** link:https://github.com/np-guard/cluster-topology-analyzer/blob/main/tests/onlineboutique/kubernetes-manifests.yaml#L269:L271[Example 3: using a config map]
. Service network addresses must match the following official regular expression pattern:
+
----
(http(s)?://)?<svc>(.<ns>(.svc.cluster.local)?)?(:<portNum>)? <1>
----
<1> In this pattern,
* <svc> is the service name.
* <ns> is the namespace where you defined the service.
* <portNum> is the exposed service port number.

+
Following are some examples that match the pattern:
* `wordpress-mysql:3306`
* `redis-follower.redis.svc.cluster.local:6379`
* `redis-leader.redis`
* `+http://rating-service.+`

.Procedure
. Verify that the build-time network policy generation feature is available by running the help command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ roxctl generate netpol -h
----
. Generate the policies by using the `generate netpol` command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ roxctl generate netpol <folder-path> <1>
----
<1> Specify the path of the folder that has the Kubernetes manifests.

> The `roxctl generate netpol` command supports the following options:

Reviewer: Same notion as above regarding the naming change, feel free to ignore if we do this in a separate PR.
